50 SENTENCES: STRANGE LANGUAGE & DENSE METAPHORICAL THEORY
===========================================================

1. "Our research-driven approach includes critically navigating the field of design itself and its legacies of worlding that compel a collective remaking in intergenerational, ecosocial justice-based, as well as human/non-human relational terms."

2. "With a methodology merging design critiques, ethnography, speculative fabulation, and research through design, he first investigates how injustice is perpetuated through design artifacts and then collaborates with communities to create more equitable alternatives."

3. "In this lab we imagined new relationships between objects and ideas, we designed other worlds, brought impossibilities to life, remixed histories and artifacts, disclosed parallel dimensions, invented critical fabulations, modelled ontological oddities."

4. "The books hijack a term that reflects the power struggles and quests for control and hegemony happening in design discourse and practice, and the politics that they embed and reproduce."

5. "Applications are welcome from curious bodyminds from other fields who are eager to experiment in speculative world-making released from doom, informed by hopeful flourishing."

6. "Material agency, performative aspects of materials, graphic, spatial and social understanding of communication in the 2D- and 3D realm, visual communication in space, hands-on, symbiotic relation between materials and production techniques."

7. "In order to question dominant design paradigms, the theoretical basis of the Contextual Design Master is based in ideas, methodologies, values that center intersectional feminist and ecological thinking."

8. "DAE is uniquely placed, due to its renowned and flagship design projects, to develop a set of best practices to capture and disseminate epistemological ideas that arise from and through the design process."

9. "You develop a design research question, be guided through practical research methods and consider decolonial alternatives."

10. "The feminist architecture collective Claiming*Spaces shared their experience in utilising the resources available within educational institutions to carve out intersectional perspectives within the rigid architectural discourse."

11. "Through online workshops and presentations a broad audience of makers, artists, activists, teachers, theorists, students, designers, etherpads and other non-humans was invited to engage with diverse subjects such as alternative economies, feral ecologies, shared authorship, xeno-biologies, pedagogies, publishing infrastructures and radical collectivities."

12. "Performative publishing shares research not via results but as a work in the making, as a process in its unfinished and searching vulnerability."

13. "Her ongoing research Training for the 'Not Yet' develops a curriculum of community learnings through theoretical frameworks, performative workshops, creating 'learning objects,' and developing test sites to enact trainings for the 'not yet.'"

14. "Aliens in Green is a collective that combats the alien agents of anthropogenic xeno-power, which interferes with human and non-human hormonal systems, by using media communication, open-science philosophy and speculative fiction, for critical interventions into the public and private spheres."

15. "This publication is composed of visual and textual contributions which unfold different chapters on the entanglement of politics and collective sentiment, as well as love as a trigger for dedicated unpaid work."

16. "Her long-scale community-embedded projects question art's autonomy by combining performative actions, discussions, and other forms of organizing and pedagogy in order to assist communities to take control of their own futures."

17. "Inspired by Julia Kristeva's concept of 'abjection', Liho took human excretions as a daily reminder that ugliness and beauty can coincide."

18. "An ongoing interest in the (im)materiality, image and performativity of writing has characterized her work, which engages with a range of disciplines including literature, performance, expanded publishing, urbanism and sexuality."

19. "Through this performative deconstruction, the project demonstrates how following the recommendations of criticality and self-reflexivity only reproduces the systems being critiqued."

20. "Their initiatives against overworking, precarity and discrimination in the design field and design education questioned how we live and the values we live by and had significant implications."

21. "They researched the entanglement of material contexts, bodies, behaviours and relationships, objects and border social systems at play in hair salons and how these articulate and support mental health care practices within them."

22. "CLAIMING SPACES invites students, teachers, architects/urban planners and researchers to participate in the discourse and to design intersectional_feminist positions and tools together, to create different forms of doing architectural and spatial planning."

23. "The CLAIMING SPACES Collective is a bottom-up group of students, graduates, teachers and researchers which seeks to foster intersectional_feminist perspectives in architecture and spatial planning."

24. "How We Know What We Make challenges the prevailing role of narratives and explores the epistemological dimensions in shaping design methodologies."

25. "Despite narrative-driven attempts to articulate design approaches, actual challenges persist, urging a critical revaluation of the narrative's role in addressing the complexities of design methodology and its epistemological underpinnings."

26. "This project uses methods from history and ethnography to develop new narratives of how design practices and epistemologies reconfigure global politics and everyday life-worlds, and invests in pedagogies that seek to intervene in contemporary design practices."

27. "Giulia's interdisciplinary practice is developed at the intersection of critical design, embodied and curatorial practices, focusing on creating performative open-source spaces."

28. "Operating under the pseudonym 𝔥𝔢𝔵𝔬𝔯𝔠𝔦𝔰𝔪𝔬𝔰, Moisés crafts a dialogue between the ancient and the digital, critically navigating the contemporary landscape of electronic music and sonic art through a critical decolonial theory lens."

29. "As hexorcismos, he crafts an uncanny link between ancient and state-of-the-art sound technologies channeled through a critical decolonial theory lens in the context of contemporary electronic music and the sonic arts."

30. "Naeem Mohaiemen and Samari Chakma bring to life the oral histories of indigenous communities displaced by the flooding caused by the Kaptai hydroelectric dam—an act of performative translation that echoes what cultural theorist Ifor Duncan calls a 'hydrology of the powerless.'"

31. "She will share various collective attempts—subtle tactics that shift the discourse around technical innovation and design—from narratives of progress to an understanding of collective practice as a consciously slow and self-reflexive process of mutual entanglement."

32. "From joyfully refusing extractive technologies to co-creating new learning ecologies that celebrate difference and curiosity, from curating practitioners instead of artefacts to imagining the glitterbox of potential that design might become when rooted in care, critique, and collective entanglement."

33. "Besides the artistic and aesthetic value the designers have brought to their works, they have all worked interdisciplinary—one experimented with the field of physics by activating geological matter, another engaged with site-specific research into biology and local laws, another worked with feminist theory and sociology, and another has taken a decolonial and speculative approach."

34. "To question the status quo, Carine enjoys exploring alternative ways of designing, for instance through critical and speculative design, the aesthetics of friction, or slow technology."

35. "One of the important questions within the collaborative environment of a.pass has been how to share processes instead of outcomes of research."

36. "In this conversation Lilia Mestre and Vladimir Miller discuss concrete temporal scores and spatial practices which support performative publishing in the a.pass context."

37. "The entanglement of thinking and making, and the critical potential that this entails."

38. "For 'Parade Performative Production' he created workshops that let participants experience the joy of making together while reflecting on the current social crisis."

39. "Resisting the rigid systems of oppression, like capitalism, colonialism, patriarchy, and ableism, which design continues to uphold, it starts with understanding how these systems define all the aspects of our daily life."

40. "This project zooms in on 25 record labels, touching upon their position in a wider tradition of independent music, art rock and artists' mock enterprises; their performative features; their collective and participative nature; and the D.I.Y."

41. "For the designer to be an agent of decolonisation, first must come the paradoxical step of both acknowledging the current limitations and the parallel impressive power of design to expose and encode social models of thought."

42. "Now a form of performative activism, the black square blocked critical information and resources related to anti-police brutality demonstrations."

43. "Mediated Matter—exploring the designer's role as a communicator between scientific knowledge, material agency, environments, public understanding, and long-term impact."

44. "How can social designers engage beyond participatory projects, working with communities in a way that is educational, or spreading information?"

45. "Although care has been taken in preparing the information contained in this work, the tensions between sustainability and production continue to problematize design practice."

46. "Sound technologies transform our interactions when approached through a critical, artist-driven, decolonial, and mutual aid lens."

47. "The challenge is to examine the conditionality of a particular position, arrive at a reflective equilibrium and make this concrete as workable, enchanting design."

48. "By listening to and observing our surroundings, we place ourselves in the service of collectivity."

49. "Design methodologies become epistemologies when we rigorously question what we think we know through making."

50. "The moment we stop questioning our givens, we assume what reality is, and then don't even see or can't even value something that is outside of that context, because we do not have the tools for it."
